[CI:DOCS] podman search: clarify that results depend on implementation (#10842)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-search.1.md

## DESCRIPTION
**podman search** searches a registry or a list of registries for a matching image.
The user can specify which registry to search by prefixing the registry in the search term
(e.g., **registry.fedoraproject.org/fedora**).  By default, all
unqualified-search registries in `containers-registries.conf(5)` are used.

The default number of results is 25. The number of results can be limited using the **--limit** flag.
If more than one registry is being searched, the limit will be applied to each registry. The output can be filtered
using the **--filter** flag. To get all available images in a registry without a specific
search term, the user can just enter the registry name with a trailing "/" (example **registry.fedoraproject.org/**).

Note that **podman search** is not a reliable way to determine the presence or existence of an image.

> The search behavior of the v1 and v2 Docker distribution API is specific to the implementation of each registry.

Reviewer: Nit Should distribution be capitalized?
@TomSweeneyRedHat PTAL

Reviewer 2: I usually say docker/distribution, as in GitHub.com/docker/distribution.

Alternatively we could perhaps say “container registry API” (unlike that discussion in c/image/openshift, where we needed to make a specific distinction).

Or maybe focus not on the implementation reasons but on user-visible outcomes: 
```suggestion
The search behavior (interpretation of the search term, availability and order of results) is specific to the specific registry implementation.
```

Reviewer 3: Should we even mention specifics here? Just saying that "The behavior of search is dependent on the implementation of each registry" might be enough?

Reviewer 2: This started with a user unhappy that the search syntax is undefined, so explicitly admitting that might at least give us something to point at.
